Errata report 5078 (repeated ct="...") (#26)
core-wg/corrclar-old: corrclar.md

PENDING.

## RFC7252-7.2.1: "ct" Attribute (content-format code)

As has been noted in {{Err5078}}, there is no information in {{RFC7252}}

> about whether the "ct" target attribute can be present multiply or

Author: Comment from Jaime:

```suggestion
about whether the "ct" target attribute can be present multiple times or
```
